rocPyDecode Package - runtime, asan, & test (#158)
ROCm/rocPyDecode: CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for for rocPyDecode is available at [https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocPyDecode/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocPyDecode/en/latest/)

## (Unreleased) rocPyDecode 0.4.0

### Added

> * rocpydecode package 

Reviewer: This needs more information. Is it a new pip package? Is it a linux distribution package?

And how does this affect the user? If it doesn't affect the user, then it can be omitted. Otherwise, it needs more context.

Author: Ok, will address this

### Changed

### Removed

> All MD5 functionality, APIs, and sample code have been removed.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like (all MD5 functionalities) AND (all APIs)  AND (all sample code) has been removed. Which I know you didn't do :)

Instead:

```suggestion
MD5 functionality has been removed, and all APIs and samples related to MD5 functionality have also been removed.
```
